.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii ngorca.1
.\"
.TH NGORCA 1 "October 2009" Linux "User Manuals
.SH NAME
ngorca - Password recovery tool for Oracle databases
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ngorca [
.B -f
.I hashfile
.B ] [
.I OPTIONS
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ngorca
is a multithreaded password recovery tool using exhaustive
key search for Oracle versions 7-11g Rel.2.  Due to
the weak hashing algorithm and constantly improving hardware
performance, passwords can be found in minutes, depending on
their length.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-f hashfile"
To use ngorca a list of usernames and hashes is required,
which has the format username:hash. The username has a
maxiumum length of 64 characters and the hash is always
a 16 byte hex value. If the 11g algorithm is used a 40 byte
SHA1 plus 20 bytes salt must be added. The hash values are calculated one
after another.
Example of hash file entry with old DES hash and SHA1 hash:
NETGARAGE:5D7F5FD88AE4C07F:EAC3EAC57FF0635AB298EB40CBDA1BB45DFC1B7F20464AA591C1613A2CB8
.IP "-l password length"
The length of the password. If this option is not set, passwords
with the length of 5-8 bytes are calculated.
.IP "-c charset"
The charset of the password. 1 for numeric, 2 for alpha,
3 for alpha numeric and 4 for alpha numeric with special
characters. The default is alpha numeric.
.IP "-t thread number"
The number of threads which should be used. It is recom-
mended to take the number of cpu's which you want to
involve in the calculation for the best result.
Per default one thread is used.
.IP "-o logfile"
A logfile could be specified. It contains the passwords
which are found and some info messages. The default log-
file name is ngorca.log placed in the directory the bin-
ary runs in.
.IP "-v verbose level"
Loglevel for the logfile and standard output 1 - 4 with
4 as the highest level which contains percent printouts.
The default loglevel is 1.
.SH EXAMPLE
.R "ngorca -f hashlist -c3 -l6 -t2 -v4"

.SH "BUG REPORT"
For bugreporting write a mail to ebrosius@netgarage.org or use the
issues tracker on the project hosting site http://code.google.com/p/ngoca
.SH COPYRIGHT
ngorca is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.
.SH AUTHOR
Dennis Krzyzaniak <ebrosius@netgarage.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
the project site http://netgarage.org
